bow Sam I bright when you're always off
the curb oh my god glad she likes
established are they sick slap I said I
see like slip showing you off in your
birthday suit with her she wants to try
why are we looking at cool dude oh my
god dude it's so like that's one of
those fucking things you seem like a
whore
what are you on
what time is it time to go somewhere
else too I demand a time nighttime nope
it's like to know summertime haha Labor
Day true can barely no degree you're not
supposed to wear white after Labor Day I
have white in my closet who the fuck are
you and how old are you well I'm 50
coupe you just like hang out randomly
downtown until night every night not it
judge and Clearwater at Clearwater be
like oh because young hey boo yawns what
a pair of has all of Iceland so
skateboard the whole way there who I'm
50 years old and I can't beat all of you
up all at once
I wouldn't want to see that none of us
I'm so confused right now so I say we
and everything that we feed you guys
miss yours said osmosis yours any what
bed but lady bring it is dead and who is
that some serious freestyler no Ian rap
is the Jeffrey Dahmer and clammy Cragen
is we don't know abandonware soon Taylor
said abandon anyone whatever business no
come on I want it right here thank you
come on you can't do the Dahmer oh oh
you know that's a start Dahmer that's
not right at all oh you want Dahmer look
at you twice if your name Rahmer your
bed clothes but you're the new Dahmer
I'm the new don't know if you wanted us
young my bag of bones right oh my god
I'm so damn Donna's right I love that
dude so yeah you should kick flip study
hall something dry sweat rolled over
yeah that's good so what'd you do only
nothing would you ingest tonight
no no parental advisory explicit lyrics
advisory advisory vaginas and how do you
guys years old
I think judge clear waters driveway do
it was it big stinky one was it wasn't
refined decadence firm down what one
Kalia okay no no no no go back SS you
ask the fat one cuz he's a hot right hot
I did no different I'll word on that oh
yeah
so you can do any drugs tonight how old
is she well all the time dude you've
been doing any drugs tonight it was all
blue you know where to store the good
stuff what's the what's the good what's
the drugs do I look like drugs I'm not
asking if your dress do I look like
jokes you look like you're on drugs and
I look like I look like your babies at
the beach with Madonna no Madonna and
sublime that's a bad I like sublime if
you like sublime you're the new and
dumber who is he in Dharma hey Robert
what ever sorry my computer on time yes
I like those officers like Wayne's World
that's a vintage